Replace `JN` with `JD` text and `StratumV2` with `Stratum v2` (#182)
stratum-mining/stratumprotocol.org: src/getting-started.md

```

> ## Config D: SV1 firmware > Translation Proxy JN (job declarator) > SV2 Pool

Reviewer: Translation Proxy `JD (Job Declarator)`

Author: https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratumprotocol.org/pull/182/commits/82a443ac23604eb511c76f8b8a20b2d14494bd04

> This configuration allows mining devices running SV1 firmware to connect to an SV2 Pool through a Translation Proxy (tProxy). In this case the tProxy is designed also to implement the **job declarator (JN)** sub-protocol: allowing miners to select transactions locally and send them to the **Pool-side JN**. 

Reviewer: - to implement the `Job Declaration (JD)` sub-protocol
- them to the Pool-side `JDS (Job Declarator Server)`.

> In the following guide a Template Provider is installed locally on the same machine, to provide block templates to the JN.

Reviewer: JD

### 3. Start **Translator (tProxy) JN**

Once the SV2 pool is running, let's run the tProxy that will facilitate communication between the pool and a SV1 miner.

> Differently from the Config C, in this case the **tProxy** will be acting as a **job declarator (JN)**, so it will select transactions locally and send them to the **Pool-side JN**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Differently from the Config C, in this case the **tProxy** will be acting as a **Job Declarator (JD)**, so it will select transactions locally and send them to the **Pool-side JDS**
```

Author: https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratumprotocol.org/pull/182/commits/82a443ac23604eb511c76f8b8a20b2d14494bd04
